Update README.md (#1236)
Start9Labs/embassy-os: build/README.md

Visit http://embassy.local from any web browser

> You will need to enter your product key, which is created at build in the file `product_key.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to enter your product key. This is generated during the build, and can be found in this folder in `product_key.txt`.
```

> We recommend [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/browsers)

Reviewer 2: This line is in reference to "Visit http://embassy.local from...", so should be appended to it.
